let's take a quick tour of this
wide-body 27 5l arctic fox silver fox
edition 5th wheel first off this unit is
100% absolute Northwood we say absolute
Northwood you will know you're getting a
Northwood built structural steel
off-road chassis that's independently
certified by a third party testing lab
using aerospace interference grid
technology analysis fully welded thick
wall aluminum superstructure with solid
fill anchor blocking a one-piece corona
treated continuous fiber glass layer
over hot polyurethane laminated
multi-layered
substrate walls filled with high-density
version block foam insulation wholly
bonded Northwood roof truss system with
up to five and a half inch Center crown
for maximum runoff fully bonded inner
sealing and 3/8 bonded plywood roots she
protected under a heavy gauge one-piece
roof membrane all conditions fully
insulated suspended heated it enclosed
holding tanks with enclosed and
insulated valve compartments Northwoods
foresees an insulation package with r18
batten fiberglass in our 15 reflective
foil in the roof with rigid block foam
or residential fiberglass in the walls
and floor custom quality cabinetry built
with residential face frame construction
hardwood doors and drawer faces and
roller bearing drawer glides all 12
volts and 110 volt systems are surge
tested multiple times during
construction to ensure safety and
reliability for years to come and we
utilize high-efficiency LED interior and
exterior utility lighting throughout all
Northwood products
aerodynamic front cap to independently
switched LED lights diamond plate front
protection and 12-volt landing here on
the exterior you'll find this handy
convenience center with independent
light
exterior shower black water flush
battery disconnect and water heater
bypass all behind slam latch luggage
drawers all around this silver fox comes
with an extra-large grab handle and
absolute Northwood every Northwood
product comes with wind resistant
friction hinges fiberglass rear cap roof
rack and ladder and optional rear view
camera 10 gallon gas electric DSi quick
recovery water here huge pass-through
storage 12-volt power awning with
adjustable pitch hardware and LED lights
13,500 BTU air conditioner optional
solar panels 60 watt or 100 watt
fantastic vents standard throughout
omnidirectional TV antenna bedroom star
lights skylight was shade tinted safety
glass thermal pane windows outside
speakers LEDs security lighting
satellite solar and generator ready
standard more ride RPB pin box inside
every one of our Arctic boxes you'll
find out an additional four inches of
headroom thanks to our spacious
cathedral arch ceiling construction
inside the main living cabin you'll find
over 32 storage compartments cabinet
doors and drawers lighted toe kick huge
kitchen pantry kitchen skylight with
shade LED interior utility lighting
throughout residential ceiling fan
remote controlled fantastic vent deep 42
inch dinette sopes slide featuring
freestanding dinette and four chairs all
with storage designer Thomas Paine sofa
with dual kick outs every Silver Fox
Edition also comes with our cuddly
arctic fox embroidered throw behind this
magnetic dry erase cabinet door you'll
find our handy command center three zone
am/fm CD DVD player with bluetooth
enable vizio LED smart TV
roller bearing drawer glides throughout
fabric nightshade window treatments
charge wizard smoke LPG and carbon
monoxide leak detectors Porter and
garden shower with overhead crane
skylight in the side all bathroom you'll
find a full size linen closet courtesy
light plenty of below vanity storage
extended counter top medicine cap with
near telescoping lighted vanity mirror
with magnification foot pedal porcelain
toilet every Silver Fox comes standard
with a Northwood true rest mattress on
an ultra BEC Sleep System with under
deck storage large deep 3 door 2 drawer
wardrobe slide on either side of the bed
you'll find at nightstand as well as an
overhead cabinet designer reading lights
with din set headboard with bookshelf
popular options include booth with dream
dinette 29 inch surround sound bar
slide-out topper Ward's slide out on a
topper 28 inch 110 volt LED smart TV
where the bedroom 10 cubic foot
refrigerator 15,000 BTU air conditioner
central vacuum system slow rise
nightshades holding tank heat pads one
swivel rocker recliner hide a bed with
pillows air hide a bed with pillows
fantastic vent was remote thermostat and
rain sensor for the bedroom powered
sliding stab Jack's on the rear 50 amp
service 3.6 onan LP generator 5.5 owned
and gold LP generator 60 watt solar
panel 100 watt solar panel 4-point
leveling system 6-point leveling system
road-tripped satellite dish Winegard
satellite TV antenna combination
satellite dish barbecue grill with
bracket 68 inch Thomas Payne sofa 68
inch Thomas Payne Silva with air
mattress and rear view camera thanks for
watching if you want to find out more
about Northwood products please check
our dealer locator to find the dealer
nearest you